1. “The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” Joe Girard
2. “People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.” Zig Ziglar
3. “I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific.” Lily Tomlin
4. “I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.” Oscar Wilde
5. “People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.” Winnie the Pooh
6. “Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.” Tom Lehrer
7. “You can’t have everything. Where would you put it?” Steven Wright
8. “Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.” Unknown 
9. “Change is not a four letter word… but often your reaction to it is!” Jeffrey Gitomer
10. “If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.” Dalai Lama
11. “Bad decisions make good stories.” Ellis Vidler
12. “I’ll probably never fully become what I wanted to be when I grew up, but that’s probably because I wanted to be a ninja princess.” Cassandra Duffy
13. “When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.” Cathy Guisewite
14. “A clear conscience is a sure sign of a bad memory.” Mark Twain
15. “Well-behaved women seldom make history.” Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
16. “I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.” Benjamin Franklin
18. “Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It’s already tomorrow in Australia.” Charles Schulz
19. “Think like a proton. Always positive.” Unknown
20. “Be happy – it drives people crazy.” Unknown
21. “Optimist: someone who figures that taking a step backward after taking a step forward is not a disaster, it’s more like a cha-cha.” Robert Brault
22. “The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me.” Ayn Rand.
23. “You’re only given a little spark of madness. You mustn’t lose it.” Robin Williams
24. “I am an early bird and a night owl… so I am wise and I have worms” Michael Scott
25. “If you let your head get too big, it’ll break your neck.” Elvis Presley
26. “The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.” Will Rogers
27. “Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.” Dwight D. Eisenhower
28. “Live each day like it’s your second to the last. That way you can fall asleep at night.” Jason Love
29. “Even a stopped clock is right twice every day. After some years, it can boast of a long series of successes.” Marie Von Ebner-Eschenbach
30. “Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.” Franklin P. Jones
